Born on th October  at Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu, Dr. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam, specialized in Aeronautical Engineering from Madras Institute of Technology. Dr. Kalam made significant contribution as Project Director to develop India's first indigenous Satellite Launch Vehicle SLVIII which successfully injected the Rohini satellite in the near earth orbit in July  and made India an exclusive member of Space Club. Read More Ram Nath Kovind is an Indian politician and lawyer who served as the th president of India from  to . Pranab Mukherjee BR  December  –  August  was an Indian politician and statesman who served as the th president of India from … Prathibha Devisingh Patil is an Indian politician and lawyer who served as the th president of India spanning from  to . Kocheril Raman Narayanan  October  –  November  was an Indian statesman, diplomat, academic, and politician who served as the ninth… Ramaswamy Venkataraman  December  –  January was an Indian lawyer, Indian independence activist and politician who served as a Union… Giani Zail Singh born Jarnail Singh;  May  –  December  was an Indian politician from Punjab who served as the seventh president of… Neelam Sanjiva Reddy  May  –  June  was an Indian politician who served as the sixth president of India, serving from  to .… Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed  May  –  February  was an Indian lawyer and politician who served as the fifth president of India from  to… Varahagiri Venkata Giri  August  –  June  was an Indian politician and activist from Berhampur in Odisha who served as the fourth… Zakir Husain Khan  February  –  May  known as Dr. Zakir Husain, was an Indian educationist and politician who served as the third… Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan OM  September  –  April , natively Radhakrishnayya, was an Indian philosopher and statesman. He served as… Rajendra Prasad  December  –  February  was an Indian politician, lawyer, Indian independence activist, journalist & scholar who… Website designed and hosted by National Informatics Centre.
Content of this website has been sourced from the then website of Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam during his tenureship as the President of India.  

